In this video,
I'll introduce you to hugging face.
I'll show you what this can provide you
and how you can use it for your projects.
Hugging face is very well documented.
And they even have a course
on their websites.
That I recommend you check out if you
want to dig deeper into their ecosystem.
Hugging face offers a wide range
of solutions for organizations.
Builds community and has tools for
collaborative research.
However, I'll be focusing on their
transformers python library.
Which is a great tool for
using transformer models in your projects.
You can use hugging face transformers
library alongside PyTorch tensor flow
or flax.
So, you can leverage everything
the talking face has to offer.
Without the need to change
your favorite framework.
There is also a growing support for flax.
Which is a neural network library and
ecosystem based on Jax.
You can use hugging face transformers
library for basically two things.
You can use it applying state of
the art transformer models for
a variety of NLP tasks.
And two, fine tuning,
pretrained models using your data sets.
Or the ones provided by hugging face.
The transformers library has
the pipeline object that encapsulates.
Everything you need to run
a model on your examples.
With pipelines, you can easily use state
of the art transformer models right out of
the box for different NLP tasks.
I'll go through pipelines in
more detail in a later video.
But let's go through a very
general overview of what they do.
Pipelines, take care of,
pre-processing your inputs.
Running the model and
post processing the outpost for you.
So, you have to provide
the appropriate input for your task.
To get a human readable results.
Moreover, if you don't know what's
model to use for your task,
you don't have to worry.
Every pipeline has a default model.
For instance, with a pipeline for
question answering task.
You can use a transformer to answer
different questions, provided a context.
You only need to specify
the pipelines task.
And provide a context with
the questions you want to ask.
The pipeline, takes care of everything
else and gives you human readable answers.
So, you can use transformer models for
virtually any NLP task with
hugging face pipeline.
And if you want to find
tuning pre-trained model.
The transformers library provides
you different tools to do so.
And without any complications of course.
Hugging face has a growing
library with more than
15,000 pre-trained model checkpoints.
That you can use to fine tune the most
popular transformer architectures.
A checkpoint for any given model.
It's just the set of parameters
learned for a specific model.
That was trained with a particular data
set for some task like question answering.
You can find tuning model
from a starting checkpoints.
Using one of the 1000 datasets available
as hugging face or with your own data.
The transformers library offers tokenizers
associated with every checkpoint to
pre-process the data.
The tokenizers do the heavy lifting for
you by translating your text.
So, readable inputs for
the model, you want to find tune.
If you use PyTorch,
you can use the trainer included
anti-transformers library.
Or create a custom one to train the model.
For TensorFlow, it is recommended to use
traditional carers methods like fits.
Hugging face,
also provides metrics like Google.
That seamlessly integrates into the
training process to evaluate your model.
And when you have a fine tuned model,
you can run it to get an output.
That tokenizer is can help you
transform into a human readable text.
So, hugging face and the transformers
library give you everything you need to
fine tune a transformer.
However, you can customize
any of the steps.